# Clade Prototype Video

**Authors**: @orishim @magentaceiba @benefactor @DavidWolff218

## Summary

Create a flagship video to test the Clade project hypothesis, for bridging the world of DAO’s with the broader world of cooperative organizations and future of work.

* Produce 3-5 minute video: showing the history of work and how digital cooperatives are the future of work; with animation and narration.
* Research topics from a civilian perspective: Identify 3-4 key words or phrases that people are searching that this content provides answers and resources to. Our audiences are: existing cooperatives, freelancers, activist communities.
* Publish video to aligned communities for feedback.
* Review effectiveness and assess next steps: evaluate if we have created quality content and if there is sufficient audience and partner interest to move forward.

## Why should we fund this?

* To begin the Clade project as a place for dOrg builders to share about what we're creating here and the DAO space as a whole, why it's meaningful to us, and help more people experience liberation through these modes of organizing together
* Show to partners who are interested in helping to fund future content, so we can continue creating content and value (revenue) streams - [see brainstorm document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1POTlN4AsxBk-Gv8eYzRmyqh8muvFcOg2hanb6yUEEio/edit)
* This is a video we can show to people about how dOrg works, whether client or builder

## Anything else you'd like to add?

Clade as a spin-off project has been in discussion in dOrg since September 2020.

Roles
* Script lead: Ben with support from David
* Production and Storyboard lead: David
* Support on details/facts: Ori and Jordan
* Research lead: Bernie
* Execution lead: Magenta

## Cost x Timeframe

$3500 
Nov 3 to Dec 9

- ~$750 Animation, with remainder of budget distribution as follows:
- 30% Script Writing and Review
- 35% Production
- 15% Research
- 10% Outreach/Circulation
- 10% Project Coordination
